[19.01] Release notes for 19.01. (#7308)
galaxyproject/galaxy: doc/source/releases/19.01.rst

.. to_doc

19.01
===============================

.. announce_start

Enhancements
-------------------------------

.. major_feature

* Use singularity build / exec with biocontainers
  (thanks to `@mvdbeek <https://github.com/mvdbeek>`__).
  `Pull Request 7125`_
* Adds Aequatus visualisation plugin
  (thanks to `@anilthanki <https://github.com/anilthanki>`__).
  `Pull Request 6484`_
* Integrate framework code for interfacing with cloud authorization providers.
  `Pull Request 5903`_
* Added support for chaining dynamic destinations
  (thanks to `@nuwang <https://github.com/nuwang>`__).
  `Pull Request 7006`_
* Upgrade web client building to use `webpack <https://webpack.js.org/>`__ 4
  `Pull Request 6917`_
* Implement 'make all datasets private' functionality.
  `Pull Request 6952`_
* Add datatype sniff button to edit dataset attributes page
  (thanks to `@qiagu <https://github.com/qiagu>`__).
  `Pull Request 7018`_
* Overhaul handler assignment methods.
  `Pull Request 7129`_, `Pull Request 7091`_
* Add tool for sending dataset to the cloud.
  `Pull Request 6583`_
* Infrastructure/API Support for composite uploads/downloads.
  `Pull Request 6844`_

> * Improvements to tool testing including aloowing tests without admin API keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improvements to tool testing including allowing remote tests and tests without admin API keys.
```

  `Pull Request 7023`_
* Fix `element_identifier` access
  (thanks to `@mvdbeek <https://github.com/mvdbeek>`__).
  `Pull Request 7031`_
* Avoid replacing data-referenced input values with default values
  `Pull Request 7043`_
* Udate error parsing docs
  (thanks to `@bernt-matthias <https://github.com/bernt-matthias>`__).
  `Pull Request 7049`_
* Add resubmit handlers on Pulsar connection failures
  (thanks to `@nuwang <https://github.com/nuwang>`__).
  `Pull Request 7053`_
* Add new "Help" item to the help menu.
  `Pull Request 7054`_
* Eliminate dependency on make for automatic client build.
  `Pull Request 7060`_
* Remove legacy job handling hacks.
  `Pull Request 7082`_
* De-couple objectstore abstraction from XML.
  `Pull Request 7085`_
* Localize version strings to the working directory w/predictable path.
  `Pull Request 7086`_
* Replace display applications mako with vue component
  `Pull Request 7097`_
* Run singularity in silent mode
  (thanks to `@mvdbeek <https://github.com/mvdbeek>`__).
  `Pull Request 7104`_
* Eliminate unused code block in `output_collect`.
  `Pull Request 7109`_
* Add `to_dict()` to ObjectStores.
  `Pull Request 7110`_

> * Enable tagginga and annotation of jobs regardless of state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enable tagging and annotation of jobs regardless of state.
```
